# NarrativeGeneratorForTwine

1) Description
- This program is a procedural narrative generator. Based on the given settings, it generates "skeletons" of interactive stories, in which the generation takes into account the presence of the player and his ability to choose from several actions within the interactivity. The system handles this by not allowing the player to disrupt the flow of the narrative, while still giving them free rein. It also allows the author of the story to fine-tune its parameters so that it best suits his vision and thereby instills his intention into the story. The result of the work of this program - its output - is a .dot file, with which the "skeleton" of the generated story can be visualized as a graph, as well as an .html file that can be uploaded to the platform for writing interactive literature, text games and visual novels Twine, to be converted into an interactive story/game.
2) Installation instructions
- The program is designed for PC based on Windows OS. You must have Python 3 installed, the path to which must be written in the Path system variable. Also, the FastDownward planner should be placed in the directory with the program files. To compile and edit the code, it is preferable to use Microsoft Visual Studio (version 2017 or later).
3) User manual
- When the program starts, the "main window" of the program will open. Here the user has the opportunity to select all the necessary settings. The user can select the setting of the story, set the types of goals for the characters, specify in which cases randomization should be used to calculate the result, specify the seed, configure the visualization graph generation parameters, then it will be possible to select (and partially manually specify the limits) constraints that will apply to the generated story (for example, the antagonist will not be able to die for the specified number of turns and will have to perform their actions in a certain order) and adjust the behavior of the characters.

- After starting, the program will perform calculations for several minutes and as a result will create two files in .dot and .html format. The first file contains a description of the resulting story graph, which can be displayed using appropriate software such as Graphviz. The second file contains instructions for Twine to display the generated story as interactive literature.
